README.md, before:

# Hi 👋, I'm Pottabattini Sushilkumar

🎓 B.Tech CSE Student | 🚀 Finalist at SIH 2024 |💡 Passionate about AI & Data Science
📍 From Surat, India  

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me
- 🔭 I’m currently working on **AI & Data Science Projects**  
- 🌱 I’m learning **Python, Data Science, AI/ML, DSA, and Development**  
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **AI/ML & Data Science Projects**   
- 💬 Ask me about **Python, Pandas, NumPy, ML, Data Science, DSA**  
- 📫 How to reach me: **[thesushilkumar17@gmail.com](mailto:thesushilkumar17@gmail.com)**  
- ⚡ Fun fact: I love experimenting with **new AI tools & building real-life projects**  

---

## 🌐 Connect with Me
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sushil-kumar17/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-black?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/sushilkumar-me)  

---

## 🛠️ Languages and Tools
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-0C55A5?logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-FF6F00?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-3F4F75?logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?logo=java&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats
![Profile Views](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=sushilkumar-me)
[![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sushilkumar-me&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/sushilkumar-me)
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sushilkumar-me&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/sushilkumar-me)

---

⭐️ From [sushilkumar-me](https://github.com/sushilkumar-me)

Commit message:

Enhance 'About Me' section in README
Updated learning section to include Udemy and added project links.

README.md, after:

# Hi 👋, I'm Pottabattini Sushilkumar

🎓 B.Tech CSE Student | 🚀 Finalist at SIH 2024 |💡 Passionate about AI & Data Science
📍 From Surat, India  

---

## 👨‍💻 About Me
- 🔭 I’m currently working on **AI & Data Science Projects**
- 🌱 I’m learning **Python, Data Science, AI/ML, DSA, and Development** from **[[Udemy](https://github.com/sushilkumar-me/DS_Udemy)**
- 👨‍💻 All of my projects are available at **[https://github.com/sushilkumar-me?tab=repositories](https://github.com/sushilkumar-me?tab=repositories)**  
- 👯 I’m looking to collaborate on **AI/ML & Data Science Projects**   
- 💬 Ask me about **Python, Pandas, NumPy, ML, Data Science, DSA**  
- 📫 How to reach me: **[thesushilkumar17@gmail.com](mailto:thesushilkumar17@gmail.com)**  

---

## 🌐 Connect with Me
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/LinkedIn-blue?logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/sushil-kumar17/)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/GitHub-black?logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/sushilkumar-me)  

---

## 🛠️ Languages and Tools
![Python](https://img.shields.io/badge/Python-3776AB?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Pandas](https://img.shields.io/badge/Pandas-150458?logo=pandas&logoColor=white)
![NumPy](https://img.shields.io/badge/NumPy-013243?logo=numpy&logoColor=white)
![Matplotlib](https://img.shields.io/badge/Matplotlib-0C55A5?logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![Seaborn](https://img.shields.io/badge/Seaborn-FF6F00?logo=python&logoColor=white)
![Plotly](https://img.shields.io/badge/Plotly-3F4F75?logo=plotly&logoColor=white)
![Java](https://img.shields.io/badge/Java-ED8B00?logo=java&logoColor=white)
![MySQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/MySQL-4479A1?logo=mysql&logoColor=white)

---

## 📊 GitHub Stats
![Profile Views](https://visitor-badge.laobi.icu/badge?page_id=sushilkumar-me)
[![GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=sushilkumar-me&show_icons=true&theme=radical&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/sushilkumar-me)
[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=sushilkumar-me&layout=compact&theme=tokyonight&hide_border=true)](https://github.com/sushilkumar-me)

---

⭐️ From [sushilkumar-me](https://github.com/sushilkumar-me)
